hey guys so today we will have another
rice cooker recipe and I'm gonna use
this small rice cooker in here which is
about 6 inches in diameter and we're
gonna bake a carrot cake out of it by
the way I have another rice cooker
sponge cake video in here if you want to
check it out and for now let's start
with our carrot cake
for the dry ingredients you'll need 2
cups of plain flour 1 cup to a cup just
2 teaspoons of cinnamon half a teaspoon
of salt and 1 teaspoon of baking soda
and then one cup of chopped walnuts or
you can use pecan 2 cups of grated
carrot 3 eggs 1 cup of brown sugar 3/4
cup of vegetable oil 2 teaspoons of
vanilla extract and 1/4 cup of yogurt
this is vanilla yogurt but you could use
plain yogurt sweet yogurt whatever you
like
first of all we'll prepare the wet
ingredients brown sugar oil yogurt and
just mix it and then you can slowly add
the egg one at a time here we have three
so I'm gonna add 1/3 first and then last
part of the egg
when it's about all combined we'll add
the vanilla extract 2 teaspoons this is
our wet ingredients
now get the dry ingredients that were
prepared in the beginning kind of whisk
it a little bit don't over mix it and
then slowly add some wet ingredients in
it
look at that color beautiful looks like
caramel just do it slowly don't over mix
it
the cinnamon smells so good now let's
add the carrot and walnuts to kind of
mix it some more just mix it in and then
we're gonna prepare our rice cooker
brush it with oil pour our batter in and
clean it up a little bit try to make it
flat okay cover the lid and turn it on
so now we let our batter cook here until
it pops to the warm light down there and
then we'll try to see whether it's
cooked through if not you could press it
again by the way if you want to make a
two layer cake you could divide our
batter into two portions and just cook
it separately so it's been about 45
minutes and the whole house now smells
like cinnamon smells so good I can see
that it's puffed up quite a bit that's
good what I've been doing is that
whenever it pops to warm I try to press
it back go back to cook but sometimes it
might not let you so we usually have to
wait for a few minutes and then try
press it again so it will let you go
back to the cook mode and so now we have
reached our 1 hour mark and the cake
should be almost done see it comes out
quite clean maybe let it sit there for a
few more minutes
I'm gonna unplug the rice cooker first
loosen it with a small knife be careful
don't scratch your rice cooker let's
flip it over put a plate over then flip
it flip it over to serve oh it looks so
good see now let's set it aside and let
it cool and then we're gonna serve it
with yogurt and caramel well you don't
have to eat it with yogurt or caramel
it's just me that's weird eating it that
way get 1/4 cup of milk and add 1
tablespoon of lemon juice and then stir
it and sit it aside for like 5 minutes
in our pan we have one point cup of the
butter about 60 grams add 1/4 cup of
brown sugar almost 1 teaspoon of baking
soda 1/2 a tablespoon of vanilla extract
and then 1/2 a tbsp of zero turn on the
stove to meet you
melt this first look at how beautiful
the color is
look at that
very moist huh
add a few pieces of walnut with the
yogurt and caramel it's so moist
the reason why I'm using yogurts because
I wanted more refreshing and it makes it
a good balance because the yogurt is a
little sour vanilla whey oh so good so
thank you for watching and I'll see you
next time bye